add Admin questions (#193)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/admin/question-089.md

---
question: "What steps are involved in creating a self-hosted runner group for an organization on GitHub?"
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 089"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/managing-access-to-self-hosted-runners-using-groups
1. [x] Navigate to organization settings, select Actions, click Runner groups, create a new group, and assign a repository access policy.

> 1. [ ] Directly modify the organization's .gitconfig file to specify runner groups and associated access policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [ ] In the `.github` repository modify the `.gitconfig` file to specify runner groups and associated access policies.
```
